this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below
hey guys Jimmy here and welcome back to
another video so we are back in
automobile astir again awesome I was in
this game for a video I drove the big
old cat better truck around an auto I
thought which went very well
and it's like that you didn't chandra k
and i mentioned in the video that nils
also had another project but he'd been
working on i think work is a bit of a
kind word which is this the formula
classic now I've driven this car before
in its stock trim but if you have eyes
which I'm assuming something you do at
least you wouldn't notice by now that
there was something slightly off about
the power figure on the left there so
instead of making about seven hundred to
a hundred horsepower this thing on its
high boosted setting makes 6666 power
and if you wondering why I meant by the
high boost though I mentioned earlier
the high boost setting is 21.5 bar which
is three hundred and eleven psi which is
a big I'm what better way to test this
car out than by subjecting it to the
circuit that I said I wasn't gonna drive
anymore yet have pretty much driven the
exact same amount since then the notes
like that so here we are under the
Nordschleife about to go on to the
tourist version of of the circuit and
first things first you need to kind of
understand the power this thing has
because it's quite its severe so luckily
we've got a big straight here so we'll
just walk into it we're going it will go
to set gear nice and easy path it down
now wait for it
there is
[Music]
and are you going to fork in your foods
and the boost so you're seeing you're
seeing just how angry
this car is we're gonna try and do some
sort of lap around it and how many tanks
you going to take the other three
watching my first take right now I put
for my virginity protective gloves on
but the speed is really deceptive
because you don't have the the downfall
to the grip to go with the speed see you
turn into a coin and realize you're
doing a billion trillion miles an hour
when you get there you're going to break
and of course you just have made the
corner here we go
[Music]
please stay flat I'm surprised I stayed
on the floor there by guessing about
downfall so we're producing and their
speed is enough to keep us firmly on the
ground
oh she feisty war Oh perfect perfect
first attempt there so now at least
you're getting an idea of what this car
is the battles are trying to get round
it and one piece is probably gonna be
quite tricky but we're gonna give them a
red-hot go I'm not sure what's all that
time this would do the infinite power of
course is gonna mean the Buddha move
freely quicker in the Straits but in the
cause we're about the same and there's
just give us some this time
why was it before
you can just amount save it when you
have your initial slide but after that
it gets a bit Larry that's what I mean
that's why I mean Viking
it just a will spin for years
I was watching Niels - laughs [__] I'm
in this like it was nothing trying to
keep the why I assume is a gigantic
turbos fooling with a little 1.5 liter
engine isn't the easiest thing in the
world this is why I love Sims over you
can do stupid stuff like this it's fun
don't go off okay
[Music]
no this is gonna be a lot more difficult
than my first Bollywood wore down for
this time hopefully that will help us
stay glued to the road and I'm not sure
what the top speed is Neil said he's got
it
north of 400 kilometers an hour a couple
of times but I'm not sure if technically
down the doctor hurt her or not so we'll
have to see if we can get up beyond that
so let's make an effort to get past this
the section I want to go quickly
oh my god it just snaps so quickly why
am I surprised by that I bring you all
this car affects the Earth's rotation
when you put your put your put the power
down just spins it in the other
direction driving an f1 car on the
launch Slifer anyway it's difficult
driving one of these cars round two in
its stop form is difficult because of
how much he likes do the big swap it
driving this version of this car around
it I'm not sure this is more difficult
than the caterpillar or on it feels like
it might be and let's get through here
that's good for hit / forgive then
unleash Oh
unleashed a straight line tooth growl
out
my sexiest mover is unleashing a
straight line bring up the speed
slightly pull off the curves
[Music]
unlike my own trash control it's like
you're dabbing the frot almost to try
and give it to not kill you before fit
the give you enough will spend to have
turbo does that make sense and the road
falls away in any way to the left or to
the right you go with it see what we
were really wary of that when you're
never in the throttle what I'll make
that these tires are gripping Lachi once
for they were talking so much of some
around their concentration leaders I'm
gonna dampen the brake together the
tardis locks up my voice I mean maybe
the braking force being adjusted some
well we're gonna be out to kind of open
up a little bit in a minute going up the
hill towards old bravery corner okay
here we go
right let's open her up what's a speedo
oh trying to best like a power spinning
in a straight line here oh my gosh
[Music]
you know why I was slumming down there
because of the money meant to turbo lag
I was accelerating Rob wasn't on boost
so the cows being slowed down by the
year the drag and the downforce I just
tap the wall they're up in the car so
good oh my word I think any things we're
gonna have any chance of really opening
a thing up he's on the back straight you
just any any sort of curve in the road
the car just got love want to go over
there but just kind of our should be but
I still terrifying carousel for chump to
take that here the section is all about
accuracy and where you're placing the
car left Apple a couple of times I've
got a way of it I'm feeling like I'm
probably not gonna get for here on the
same luck
[Music]
it is bites this is a really angry feral
dog of a girl that I'm trying to use
forget it's like when I go out there I
could just nail it
no nails to to now deep you know it
still gets its don't get it's still good
no it's not now we got so close to the
end
drive engine no I don't even have engine
heck this is requiring a lot more
concentration in life forward okay to
mild issue there but we're still good
caster okay
I love calendars carbamate you smile
people get a bit too SuperDuper
seriously racing all the time especially
at the moment you know everyone's trying
to do the next big eSports event
meanwhile I'm more fun driving a holy
unrealistic car oh and not a so
realistic version of an Oliver
Oh allo friend I wonder how this thing
actually handles on free wills Oh
doesn't turn turn right - well it is
that um that pretty good though
Oh wheelies nailed it turns out when you
lose one of your brakes you lose some
braking capability - you know I cannot
perfectly where I just press f6 of my
keyboard I made myself invulnerable for
sir
but mama timbre is no [__] so we never
do this he'll fashioned way and try to
crunch
oh it's fine it's fine it's not fine
hold it hold it hold it
[Music]
well that's fire that's a lot of fire my
mirrors oh it's fire its imprint come on
will you can make it come on dude
I'm gonna get overtaken by my wheel yeah
okay this is the one maybe don't use it
now boss
concentrate broad been crying out loud
[__] that's bad that's a big hit Oh
something's definitely gone that's a
real out and now I'm gone
Oh see
Oh Neptune you're right foolishly for
while start this oh yeah I'll crack out
a lap on the third or fourth attempt I'm
getting a bit complacent in my old age I
reckoned it was powerful the same thing
teenagers are this this annoying little
SP [__] is gonna try and take care of no
one's life or anyone's turn on the boots
to a billion
i rebel tree I miss you sorry I was busy
drama tada
okay this has been an okay lap so far
now I wonder how I'm going to ruin it
[Music]
oh my word this happened a casual you
know oversee a correction afraid okay
that's a normal thing
[Music]
the road fools away from you and the car
goes I want to go down there and by the
time you're in the barrier you've just
about remember to turn in no okay
small hit the car still okay somehow I
go away with that what you can push a
bit for it to become one but those
second gear testicles testicles shifting
into second gear now lads remember that
means we're doing it put on a circuit
but now we're gonna get the opportunity
to open this bad boy up
hopefully I'm keeping a straight line
that's the goal here are we gonna be in
the bridge before we know it all I saw
go sir
[Music]
oh we go into space oh my god
conference blow up an opponent I was so
good
still going and now the time I start
seeing are you kidding me
[Music]
Stuart let's give it another go
well we've got our map on the board here
in case we don't make it round one more
time we'll see we can get something on
the official timing done am i sharp for
this
[Music]
I think I've forgot to breathe for the
entirety of that
[Music]
I didn't wave to the tree dammit Oh God
I'm hoping I can be forgiven
[Music]
this is insane
Morris
[Music]
I'm gonna take the quarter the carousel
the concentration who are now is insane
this is harder than the X 2010 I think
which is saying a lot
oh my god
[Music]
not now the mammal now
it's not gonna be as fast as I thought
it's still going to be incredibly far so
probably a five fully but atomic on the
straight you think of is a long way down
to the line it's not on this thing trust
me
when I get frontal fit
come on
all those fans have get
[Music]
but the line there it is 5:45 holy jesus
and we've got a temple light flashing
else because we got it toasty well there
you go Niels I hope this amused you I'm
sitting there sweating my heart rate is
120 right now which is completely normal
for a Fitch human being but that was the
six thousand six hundred and sixty six
point six horsepower Formula One car
around the Nordschleife ER with only
minimal crashes power out was fun that
was that was really fun it was difficult
god that was difficult I think that
probably the hardest club ever driven
around the virtual knowledge cipher I
hope you guys enjoy watching the video I
need a shower now a my victory cus Prix
victory rank of course if you enjoyed it
whack a like button hit subscribe as
well to be notified of future videos
like this and future streams as well and
I have to say again just a massive
massive thank you to all the crazy
support I've been having recently I know
a lot of it is due to the fact that
we're all stuck inside we had nothing
better to do so people come up watch my
videos and watch my stream - etc but in
the last month the channel has gained
40,000 subscribers and that has never
happened than me on this platform before
so thank you for the crazy support and
hopefully we can keep each other saying
through this really quite scary time but
anyway take care have an awesome rest of
day I'll see you all next time
[Music]